doc/nrf/app_dev/dfu: prefer nrfutil over nrfjprog (#20956)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/bootloaders_dfu/mcuboot_nsib/bootloader_signature_keys.rst

      CONFIG_SB_SIGNING_KEY_FILE="/path/to/priv_b.pem"
      CONFIG_FW_INFO_FIRMWARE_VERSION=3

> #. To facilitate testing, use nrfutil to program this image directly into a slot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. To facilitate testing, use `nRF Util`_ to program this image directly into a slot:
```
